Retire C# 7.0 what's new (#27112)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/misc/CS4009.md

You cannot use the `async` keyword in the application entry point (typically the `Main` method).

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Starting with C# 7.1, the `Main` method can have an `async` modifier. For more information, see the [Async main](../whats-new/csharp-version-history.md#c-version-70) section of the C# Version history article. For information about how to select the C# language version, see the [Select the C# language version](../language-reference/configure-language-version.md) article.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Starting with C# 7.1, the `Main` method can have an `async` modifier. For more information, see [Async main return values](../fundamentals/program-structure/main-command-line.md#async-main-return-values). For information about how to select the C# language version, see the [Select the C# language version](../language-reference/configure-language-version.md) article.
```

Reviewer: Or maybe this and the other async main links should point to https://review.docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/proposals/csharp-7.1/async-main?branch=pr-en-us-27112?
